 Answer: Why do programmers love Mac more than Windows Computer? I thought thi.?.?.?
Quora 	
Top Stories from Your Feed
Your Quora Digest
	
Why do some programmers love Mac more than a Windows computer?
James Martin 	
James Martin, Web developer, etc.
169.7k views

    Why do programmers love Mac more than Windows Computer?


I thought this would be obvious, but, from the tenor of some of the comments on my answer, it clearly isn't--not all... Read More ?
	
Should I punish my daughter?
Hninzi Lwin 	
Hninzi Lwin
237.2k views

If it was consensual and they were just horsing around no punishment is deserved. There was nothing wrong , no laws broken.If you deemed it offensive or inappropriate you c... Read More ?
	From a recent session

As President, how will Hillary Clinton help make college more affordable and more attainable for many Americans?
Hillary Clinton 	
Hillary Clinton, Senator, Secretary of State, 2016 presidential candidate [Verified User]
413.2k views

College is supposed to help you follow your dreams. But right now, high costs and heavy student debt are doing the exact opposite for many people¡ªthey¡¯re pushing their drea... Read More ?
	
Why are the two American coasts more liberal than the centre of America?
Richard Wood 	
Richard Wood, all-around curious guy
154.5k views

I¡¯m a little surprised that no one has yet brought up Colin Woodard¡¯s book, American Nations: A History of the Eleven Rival Regional Cultures of North America.

John Redford'... Read More ?
	
Is a Mac or Windows better for a CS student or developer?
Troy Koelling 	
Troy Koelling
72.8k views
When I started college in 2001, I was a die-hard Mac fan. I had saved for 6 years and purchased my first computer, a blueberry iMac, a few months prior to starting. There w... Read More ?
	
What can handwriting tell about a person?
Brian Hoang 	
Brian Hoang, Student, observer, ponderer
48.8k views

Here's the most bizarre handwriting experience I've ever encountered.

In high school, I was an occasional grader for my algebra teacher. Homework, quizzes, tests, everythin... Read More ?
	

How does the average Googler spend their paycheck? What does their yearly budget look like?
Paul K. Young 	
Paul K. Young, Software Engineer at Google
310.8k views

Here are my average monthly expenses, in order of cost.

    $2100 - Child support
    $1850 - Rent for a two-bedroom in Hollywood (a bit over 1000 sq ft)
    $1500 - 401k contribution (Go...

 Read More ?
	
Why do programmers use GNU/Linux?
Drew Henry 	
Drew Henry, Physicist-in-Training + Voluntarist Libertarian
52.5k views

Lots of good answers, but let me add one more.

Windows, I would like to update PHP to the latest version.

    Go to php.net.
    Find latest version of PHP....

 Read More ?
	
What are some battles in history that had ridiculous/comic outcomes?
Warren Schrader 	
Warren Schrader
168.4k views

Probably the most ridiculous outcome of a battle would be when a Dutch naval fleet was captured after being charged and surrounded by French cavalry.

Yup, you read that righ... Read More ?
	

What is the most powerful branch of the United States military?
Jeff Rielley 	
Jeff Rielley
216.6k views

The Air Force can drop all the bombs and launch all the missiles it wants, but when you return to base and someone is sitting in your chair and eating your lunch, you have ... Read More ?
	 
Read More in Your Feed
Follow Quora on:
FacebookTwitter
Get the App for iOS and Android
Quora
This email was sent by Quora (650 Castro Street #450, Mountain View, CA 94041). Choose which emails we send you through Email Settings or Unsubscribe.
